# hello-world
downloads: Control Development download:\ ceased nod_ not installed/ installed nod found path.. Red Errors messages, uncompleted nod installation: outcome? Failure. [ type ] ENTER .. to close. 
Really excited, ambitous, and already feeling my erge and interests in the computer world I never had the time or coarse for. Mostly hands on with a lot of testing and learning from others in the same field. Never learned all of the codes or short hands. I'm looking forward to acheiving it now for fun and carrer wise and being successful in doing so. I started building my own PC's and entertainments centers back in 2004-2009 from XP to Win. 7. Was helping and building older computers from Millium, 98, 98 SE to XP Home and Media Center Pro. Left all my wisdom and knowledge. Storages and motherboards all over again. Specs, balance, Stability, Love, Enjoyment, Fun, Experience, Worth it. Don't have to work out in all kinds of weather conditions or like a horse. just have to make it work. Thanks for the opertunity and a chance to learn improve and acomplish. I will surely give my time and efforts togetherness, and skills towards anyone or persons I work with as 1-1 or groups, my teachers  my students, my life. I would surely love to get help with nod and control development. I was in another app Streamlabs trying to set it up for donations and revenues, but Prime was in my way ha, ha and I had already spent my last dime so to speak. Kept coming across more and more interestings ways for streaming online and advertising offline with bots, banners, streaming and gaming. Also so funds raisings. I will be very greatful to get my advertisng, streaming, and affiliates sites and start making some kind of income to pay off bills and have a life that will expand of the year's with something I enjoy very much doing. Thanks again. Looking forward to meeting and hearing and working with. Have a very happy joyful and nice day. Hope I will find or have a team that have in common. Besides the experts. Smily..... Day 1 for me. Just getting started.
